we go with the masks which is one of the things that most
concern has given to see here we have the mask I do not know if you are seeing
If there is no mask and you have a scarf, use the scarf if you have those as hats
that he does not put on, he can download the books that are called put on and see
let's see here we have the mask is not true if you can see here
we have a white side and here we have a blue side I've already seen a lot of people
who puts the mask on the side that seems best to him and that we have repeated several
times the white side friends in contact the white side is from the filter that is, it is
the filter if you have the flu or think you have been in contact
suspect with someone who has coronavirus the filter must go to
inside near your face so that droplets of saliva do not come out where
virus can be deposited on walking surfaces virus no grandmother
the virus does not have legs the virus is chubby and heavy they fall to
surfaces today Mrs. Gina Watson was saying something very interesting that one of
the surfaces where the video is held the most
and that we have to talk about on the sets and everywhere is glass and we have to
clean the video well with chlorine water solution and that information is in
the pages of the ministry of health that you can calmly enter
a little while with your cell phone and be able to investigate to see then we have the
white part is the filter if I am with everyone with the flu the white part
seeing that here there is one as a fierrito I do not know if you have felt that there is one
as a puppy here you see a puppy this part I would say in my mouth so that it does not come out
perfect now if you just want to avoid contagion
If you just want to go out and thank God you have a mask
the idea is that the blue part goes to his face and the white part goes out
I read a study of Chinese people who when they were wearing the
masks according to the color they had on the street they knew it was a
suspicious person like that is a person who was not suspicious then
Let's consider the white part again if you are with everyone suspicious of
coronavirus into the mouth so that it does not come out
it does not have that out so that nothing enters that I think we have enough
of course that's one thing, let's go with the second thing the same if the friends of
contact you have any questions then welcome and let's see here I have my
dear federico who has been with me for 23 years in this year that we do the program
of a new lifestyle many of the friends in contact in my darlings
friends, I am not going to whom from being born there are still 300 they are young people to see
come on and symptoms if it is from the neck up, tranquility there
people who say doctor is that I already have a sore throat is itching me
itches my ears I have a list for me I already have coronavirus no end now and yes
you have a discharge from your nose that white mosquito that comes out like water
tranquility from the neck up tranquility now if it is
that suddenly begins to see fever for that in airports to everyone
they are taking the fever or they are taking forgiveness the temperature does not the
the fever is taking the temperature if it starts to have a fever
discomfort and these symptoms of sore throat go down into the lungs
and if it is another song if they go down to the lungs that is another song we are
clear then if I am with pain in the chest if I feel
Like it bothers me like I have a dry drink because he all in this
it is dry because this virus does not like to stay in the throat the virus will
love lungs and this is where you really want to live in the
lungs then to see from here up tranquility if you start to see
fever and do not go down calm if you have a runny nose calm if it is
that lowers the discomfort with fever there is no discharge
there is discomfort like the strikes that normally has given us all
mulatto with those flu that sends us to bed immediately, do not go to a
medical center go to the places that the ministry of health has designated by
what to be swarming everywhere is to have to start from the virus of all
people we are clear then these two things are important